This is what I like to
call the groan zone.
And you guys have all been in
these meetings where there's
a new topic that's introduced, everybody's
like, yeah, great new topic, great.
And then the work begins and
people kind of diverge off and
go on their own separate paths and
their own separate ways.
And then we come back together,
there comes this time where we
are overwhelmed by all this information.
We keep going around.
We keep going around nobody
seems to be getting anywhere.
I usually do day long consulting sessions
and I always show this slide first and
I'm always like, we're gonna hit the groan
zone sometime between 130 and 215.
And it is incredible how every single
time, but nobody ever knows it, but
between 130 and 215 somebody will go
I just feel like we're going around
in circles and
not accomplishing anything here.
And then people start
to converge again and
then we get closer by the end of the day.
All right.
So
this can be this is something to just pay
attention to when you are doing a workshop
or discovery process or
even sometimes design that you will hit
that groan zone and just recognize,
that's what she was talking about,
and we're still going to move forward.
It's still going to be fine, but
I'm either going to sit back and
let this happen, which seems to me
many of you, that's your personnel.
[LAUGH] Or I'm going to step in and
sort of say it's okay, we'll move forward.
Let's take this problem from
a different angle okay?
All right.
Now we're gonna talk
about setting strategy.
Okay, first we're going to just
create a strategy statement.
And these are the first three
components for a strategy statement.
In x timeframe, we will address
weakness or pursue an opportunity.
By following this path, so
that we will achieve this or these goals.
So in this instance we are connecting
a goal to the strategy and
including it in our core content
strategy statement, okay?
So, in x timeframe, we will address
weakness or pursue opportunity.
That's where we will play following
this path is how we'll win.
And then we'll hit these goals.
Okay, and then we can create our
strategic objectives after that.
So based on strategy priority projects and
our activity outcomes
will be and
then we can list out our projects.
Or specific things that we need
to do around content okay?
All right.
So here's an example.
And this is where content
objectives come into play.
So by 2020, we'll rank in the top three
car insurance companies as rated by
whoever, in 2018 will improve brand
perception by rebuilding our website
putting user satisfaction at
the center of our efforts.
So that's where we'll
play in how we'll win.
Objective we need to conduct user research
objective audit content across all our
properties and objective to find
new platform business requirements.
Does that framework make sense?
Yes.
>> I guess this is probably gonna be
related to a specific real goal, but
I kind of got lost on
the X timeframe like,
I know different people perceive time
differently or measure time, differently.
How do you kind of arbitrarily assign a
timeframe based on whatever goal you have?
>> Well, you typically an organization
will have a goal set by a year,
or like three year goals even right?
So we need to set strategy
within a timeframe like we
can't just say we're gonna
relaunch our website sometime.
Right, we have to set an end date
will relaunch it by q1 of 2019.
>> I guess I personally have trouble
deciding what timeframe would be
appropriate.
Well, it is sort of our best guess
in terms of resource constraints and
competing projects right, yeah.
You can always just assume
shorter than is actually needed.
[LAUGH] In less time than
it will realistically take
to complete this work, we will okay?
So in this instance,
we are working within the confines of
a website strategy statement, And
identifying our related
content strategy activities.